docs: explain a bit more about fixture boxing and custom titles (#31877)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-fixtures-js.md

## Box fixtures

Usually, custom fixtures are reported as separate steps in in the UI mode, Trace Viewer and various test reports. They also appear in error messages from the test runner. You can minimize the fixture exposure in the UI by "boxing" it.

```js
import { test as base } from '@playwright/test';

export const test = base.extend({
  helperFixture: [async ({}, use, testInfo) => {
    // ...
  }, { box: true }],
});
```

> This is useful for non-interesting helper fixtures. For example, an auto fixture that sets up some common data can be safely hidden from a test report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful for non-interesting helper fixtures. For example, an [automatic](./test-fixtures.md#automatic-fixtures) fixture that sets up some common data can be safely hidden from a test report.
```

When I googled for "auto fixture playwright", I didn't really find anything. The name in the docs is "automatic fixture", so let's also use that here. And a link so I don't have to google next time :D

<img width="879" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-26 at 16 00 10" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e3f09a4-3909-4d6e-a100-87ef3150cb2d">

The google results for "automatic fixture playwright" aren't a lot better, which suggests that some work on SEO is due

## Custom fixture title

> You can assign a custom title to a fixture that will be shown instead of the usual fixture name in various test reports and error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of the usual fixture name, you can give fixtures a custom title that will be shown in test reports and error messages.
```

Moving the inner sentence to the start reads a little easier to me.
